Simple RESTful Client Chrome Extension
======================================

The Simple RESTful Client is a user-friendly tool that simplifies RESTful API testing and interaction. With this Chrome extension, you can effortlessly send HTTP requests to RESTful APIs, inspect responses, and manage parameters. Features include:

*   Choose request methods: CONNECT, DELETE, GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, PATCH, POST, PUT and TRACE.
*   Add parameters with key-value pairs.
*   Load JSON files for parameter data.
*   Make RESTful API calls and view responses.
*   Automatically detects responses in JSON format resembling tabular data generated by pandas in Python and converts it into a table format for easier reading and analysis.

Installing the "Simple RESTful Client" Chrome Extension
=======================================================

### Prerequisites:

*   Google Chrome web browser.

### Step 1: Clone Repository

Clone the GitHub repository to your computer using the command:

```
    git clone https://github.com/igorpuorro/Simple-RESTful-Client.git
```

### Step 2: Enable Developer Mode

1.  Open Google Chrome.
2.  Click the three dots in the top right.
3.  Go to "More tools" > "Extensions."
4.  Toggle on "Developer mode."

### Step 3: Load Extension

1.  In the "Extensions" page, click "Load unpacked."
2.  Select the extension directory from your cloned repository.

### Step 4: Confirm Installation

Enable the "Simple RESTful Client" extension.

### Step 5: Access Extension

1.  Click the extension icon in the Chrome toolbar.
2.  Use the extension for API testing and interaction.

### Step 6: Update Extension

To update, pull the latest changes from the repository using `git pull`.

Reload the extension in the "Extensions" tab.
